We're pretty sure
there's only two users.
One person is posting a target
for the other,
and the other one's committing
the murder. They're playing a game.
A man running a few streets away
at the time of the murder.
Witness name and address?
He wouldn't give it.
Is there any connection
with our victims' profiles?
Michael Edgerton,
no previous offences.
There's a Mark Winston who was
murdered at a Neo-Nazi rally.
Look at Jenna Mawson's face.
That girl is out there.
Get off me, please!
Calm down.
We've got reason
to believe you're in danger.
They're taking Taisie's case
further. We're arresting you
for possession and distribution
of indecent images of a minor.
We've got a leak.
A blog has posted details
of our suspects.
STOP!
Kenny Medford and Steve Dench.
I'm arresting you
on suspicion of murder.
We've just found a body
of a teenager in Victoria Park.
He was nominated on the website.
Then his death's our fault.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What's happened?
Hi, Gina.
Where's Ian?
Shall we go inside?
He's not been answering his phone.
Come on, let's go inside.
Where is he, Janet? Where's Ian?
Mitch!
Get them girls out of here now!
All right. Come on, girls. You
shouldn't be here.
That leak is costing lives.
If it wasn't for all the hoax
postings on the website,
we could have protected him.
Yeah?
'Rachel,
the malware we've got on the website
has tracked whoever
nominated your boy in the park.'
Yeah. What time was it posted?
'Yesterday at 9:18am.'
Steve was released at 8:30am yesterday and Kenny
Medford wasn't arrested till the afternoon,
so either could've posted it.
'The user's located
somewhere in the Failsworth area.'
Where Steve lives.
So we could have him.
When whoever killed Will Hudson
brags about it on the internet,
we'll have him as well.
I'll get a court order,
make sure we get that exact address.
'Is it true that you failed to
notify the victim and his family
that he was in danger?'
'No comment. Next question.'
Ooh! Godzuki didn't like that.
You sure you haven't picked up
my daybook by mistake?
No, mate.
Would you mind checking again?
When did you last have it?
This morning.
Give us a sec.
Let me finish this.
'..reports that it was
local teenager Will Hudson.'
'We haven't officially identified
the victim.'
'And out of common decency, I would
urge you not to speculate...'
Mitch, Will Hudson's parents
are downstairs
ready for identification.
I want you as FLO.
'What can you tell us about
how the victims were murdered?'
Get some work done, Pete. I want to know where Steve
Dench was at the time of Will Hudson's death.
'..most vulnerable
members of our community,
and we are doing everything
in our power
to bring these craven, spineless
murderers to justice.'
Janet?
We're going to take her down now.
We've got an officer there. Someone
will be there 24 hours a day.
If you want to go somewhere,
they'll go with you.
Are you all right?
Why are people doing this to me?
We'll find out and we'll stop them.
I've done nothing wrong.
Hey, we've got you.
You're gonna be safe.
Can you tell us about the nature
of your relationship with Sam?
Relationship? They were just kids.
In your role as appropriate adult,
you're not permitted to comment.
What would you say if I told you
that we have pictures
that suggest the relationship
was of a sexual nature?
For the film, I am showing Taisie
exhibit MH1,
which is a picture taken using
her phone, of Sam's erect penis.
Shh-shh. It's OK.
For the film, I am now
showing Taisie MH2,
an image of Taisie
touching Sam's erect penis.
Has anybody heard from Janet?
OK. Steve Dench's alibi?
He was at home in Failsworth
being bail checked.
There's no way he could have got to
the park and back in ti.
Where are we with the internet service
provider? Have we got the Failsworth address?
They've received the court order. It
could take up to 24 hours.
We need to go back in
with Kenny Medford.
How did you get on with his ex?
Oh, ah - Carrie said he...
Turned up on the doorstep a couple
of days ago, said he was in trouble.
He owed a lot of money
to some people.
He was so scared,
I had to help him.
So she hid him.
Did you believe her?
Do we believe anybody?
Run a credit check on them
both, see how in debt they are.
We know Kenny didn't murder Will
Hudson. He was locked up in here.
It's too early to rule him out
of the others.
Carrie has given Kenny an alibi
for Michael Edgerton's murder.
How reliable she is, I don't know.
All the information she's give us
is vague, evasive.
We tried to find his whereabouts
at the time of the other murders.
She can't confirm any dates.
Did you try his employer?
She said
he's been unemployed for ages
and before that he mainly
worked cash in hand.
Connections
between suspects and victims?
Pete?
Yeah, along with everything else.
We need more people on it. We need
more people and we need more time.
The interviews alone
are crippling us.
Families, friends, colleagues,
neighbours, across seven years.
Times by two suspects,
times by ten victims.
And increasing all the time.
It's what we do.
This is the job.
We've got Kenny
once living near Jenna.
Apart from that we've got nothing
that physically links Steve or Kenny
to any of the murders
on their side of the board.
So think smarter.
Don't look for connections
between the murderer and the victim,
because there won't be one. Look -
Oh, boo-hoo! We're all overworked,
but we've still got time
for a Mickey Mouse dick-about.
Excuse me, Rachel.
Can I have an update in your office
when you're ready?
Grow up!
Two killers.
Different murder styles.
Different metadata
on the images they post.
So we've got a good idea how the
murders are split between the two.
We're working on the premise that
the person who nominates the victim
is the one with the connection,
not the killer.
Even if they're picking
totally at random,
they have to know someone exists,
in order to choose them.
You see what I mean?
However tenuous the link -
pushed past in a queue,
road rage -
there has to be
some sort of connection. Mm.
Raise it at tomorrow's Gold meeting.
It's diaried for midday.
The blood sample found in Kenny's
car has been confirmed as Kenny's.
Right, I want Kenny released on
bail. Newspapers are sniffin.
If they print it, it'll degrade our
chances of a charge. I.
He's had days to do a runner and
he's got as far as the st.
We've got his car, passport.
He knows we're watching him.
And I want you
to visit Will Hudson's parents.
I need someone with the punch
to assure them we're carrying out
a robust investigation.
Which we are.
Mm.
'Hello, Ultrasound.' I need to reschedule
an appointment for my ultrasound tomo.
'Thanks for letting us know. Could I
have your name, please?'
Yeah, it's DS - I mean, Rachel
Bailey.
'I'll just check the system.'
I'm really sorry.
I've cancelled twice already.
'There's another appointment booked.'
Why didn't you do anything to stop
them saying those things to me?
It was you in that car.
You taking those pictures.
Nice try,
but this isn't about my mistakes.
You spend all your time
helping everyone else.
What about me?
You should've helped me.
You didn't do anything.
She's right, I didn't. I haven't.
'How could you?
You're dealing with procedures
designed for scrotes and psychopaths,
not a kid with a camera phone.'
Why is nobody using
common sense and stopping this?
'I could've stopped it.'
Sam's mum left a message
a couple of weeks ago.
She was worried about
Sam and Taisie's relationship.
She thought it was going a bit fast.
I didn't get back to her. I forgot.
No, that's a lie. I didn't forget.
I was busy.
I didn't think it was important.
I need to do something about this.
No. You can't get involved.
You're a police officer.
'I'm Taisie's mum first.'
Put them there.
'Sorry, you haven't got time.'
Course I have.
Well, I haven't. I should be
sorting this and I'm not.
I'm telling you, any other mother
would be round at Sam's mum's house.
You don't get
to act like any other mum.
Why? Because I'm a cop?
He did so much for charity.
It was all over the local papers.
Did Will get any negative attention
from this?
We took his Twitter account down
after some unpleasant posts.
We've made sure only friends can
post on the other sites he used,
just in case anyone thinks it's
funny to post stuff now he's dead.
Is there anything else
you'd like us to do?
Have you got kids?
Hm. That's a shame.
That's what you can do for me.
Have a child
and live to see him die.
As soon as our house appeared
on that website,
you knew he could be in danger,
you knew what could happen,
and you did nothing.
I lost my daybook.
Well, hurry up. I'll wait for you.
I think that's what caused the leak.
I know I should've said right away.
I haven't slept for days.
Days?
Don't say days!
When, exactly?
The day before yesterday.
Shit, Mitch!
And you're just telling me this now?
Well, rewind. I don't want
to hear it. This is all yours.
What am I supposed to do?
Ring Dodson?
I don't know.
So you do think I've got an option?
We could be talking dismissal.
Criminal charges.
This led to someone's death.
How d'you know the press leak
came from you?
All the info the press printed
was in my daybook when I lost it.
Who else have you told?
Janet.
So you've incriminated two people
in your twattish behaviour already?
I'll go to Dodson if you want. I
won't say I've said anything to you.
Too right you won't.
I feel for you, Mitch, but if this
goes tits up I'm not touching it.
The press are gunning for me.
If there is any chance
this leak isn't down to you,
grab it. Turn your house over.
Tear the station apart.
Don't stop until you've found it.
And if I can't?
You come clean.
Leave me and Janet out of it.
You amateur bastard!
What is it with these pictures?
I worry about her.
Is it normal?
Is that what they all do now?
I think it is.
I don't know if that makes me
feel better or worse.
Well, when she's the only one
arrested for it,
it makes me feel worse.
They're making an example of her
because of my job.
After all you've done for them.
You've risked your life for them
how many times?
You'd think they'd stand by you
over this one stupid thing.
It's not a loyalty card,
arrest five murderers
and you get a sex crime free.
Don't the police have anything
better to do? Nope, nothing.
That's right, be flippant.
What's Rachel doing in all this?
I wondered how long it would be
before she got the blame.
How's Rachel going to do anything?
No, you're right. I bet she's been
nowhere to be seen in all of this.
Gill wouldn't have let this happen.
What would Gill have done?
Used her superpowers
to turn back time
to when teenagers
didn't touch one another?
It's not just about you and Taisie.
I used that computer
they've confiscated.
I can't bear the thought of your
workmates looking through that.
Why? What have you been doing on it?
Nothing you haven't used it for!
It feels like they're
rifling through my knicker drawer.
I know, Mum.
I have to say you seem very relaxed
about all of this.
Do I? Trust me, I'm not.
Look, I've got to go.
Tell her I love her and then duck.
And she's not allowed out, Mum, OK?
What are you doing sleeping there?
I waited for you to come to bed.
That's why I'm sleeping in here.
Don't.
What? I haven't said owt.
If you want that baby to come out
with an iron lung, you carry on.
How far gone are you?
Four months.
Does the dad know?
Do you know the dad?
Four months?
Why are you still doing pee-sticks?
To see if it's still there.
Is he, is he from London?
If you must know, he was the love of my life.
He died in a terrorist attack last month.
Oh, my God.
Oh, pack it in!
Hurry up!
Whose is it?
I only just got in!
I don't care. Get out.
Calm down! She's only been a minute.
I'm trying to sleep!
You'll be trying to remove my shoe
from your arse if you shout again.
Don't take it out on him.
Take what out on who?
I swear, you don't even know
when you're being horrible.
I'd put it down to your hormones,
but you've not been pregnant
the last 20 years.
Why are you following me everywhere?
Because we need to talk...
Rachel, this is
going to change your life.
And I know you probably think
it's ruined mine.
And you're right, bits of it has,
but mostly it's brilliant.
I had some average sex with an
all-right bloke and now I'm pregnant.
I know your kids
are the centre of your universe.
It's free!
And they really are lovely.
I'm just not bothered about
having my own one way or the other.
If it happens,
or if I decide to let it happen,
I will let you know.
Until then, shall we just drop it?
'Ahh!'
What did
our forensic psychologist say?
These acts have been incredibly
private and secret in the past.
Sending this isn't some idle whim.
This is someone taking control,
giving us these images.
Is the fact it was sent to you
directly significant? Possibl.
She couldn't say definitively.
You have to remember, in their minds
these guys were playing nicely.
Playing this game in the dark,
unseen,
in a very emotionally
intimate relationship.
You come along and rip the bedsheets
off. You ruin it.
This lot have created a fantasy
world in their heads
where they think they're superhuman,
the elite, above us all.
And that is so important to them.
Then you go on national television
and call them spineless.
No wonder he sees you
as a direct point of contact.
Maybe that's why he sent the video
of Will Hudson's murder to you.
Or he knew we'd try to trace him
through the website. Mm.</.
Will Hudson isn't like
the other victims,
some "invisible". He's known, he's
proper pull-at-your-heart-strings.
Does that mean the rules of the game
have changed?
Maybe he chose someone
that he knew would get attention.
Is he trying to make us,
you, look bad?
If he's changing his patterns
and making contact with you,
I'm worried about the implications
for your safety.
Did Rae think
you could be in danger?
Come in.
The internet service provider's given us
the address of the person.
Is it Steve Dench?
Finley Macawley, 236 Halton Mews.
Police!
Armed police!
I was told to post the picture of
Will Hudson by someone on Twitter.
I've never met him.
All I know is that his Twitter
name was Scareit4me.
'He DM'd me after I trolled
Will Hudson's charity site.'
He told me to post the picture
on the Taking Out The Trash website.
For a laugh?
Finlay's not connected.
He's just a Twitter troll.
I thought they had more pink
sticky-up hair than that.
His day nurse said
he barely leaves the house.
The Twitter account
used to contact Finlay's a dead end,
but the username's similar to the
email address sending you the video.
We need to scan online to see if
that username appears anywhere else.
That shouldn't take long.
Rae and Neil told us that there's
only two guys playing this game.
Even if one of them's Kenny or Steve,
neither could've murdered Will.
So there's still someone out there
killing.
I think you're right about
the rules going out of the window.
He's started picking his own victims.
You didn't answer Dodson's question.
Did Rae think you may be in danger?
Nah. Not really.
How are you holding up?
Which version do you want?
We will get through this.
If Taisie's convicted,
she could get a custodial.
At best she'll get put
on the sex offenders' register.
and that's it,
her life broken beyond repair.
I've got this screen in my head
and it keeps playing this footage
of me giving that phone to Taisie,
knowing everything
that exposes her to,
everything we're dealing with.
And I know it sounds daft,
because everyone's got one,
but I feel like I bought her a gun
when I gave her that phone.
Do you fancy taking some time off?
Don't do that to me.
I need to be here. You need me here.
Who would you come to the loo with?
If you're gonna stop speaking
every time I walk in,
you're never gonna get
any good gossiping done.
I was looking at the data
from Kenny's phone,
and noticed he had a running app
on it.
I use the same one.
It maps and tracks your routes.
One of Kenny's regular routes
was down by the canal,
right past where our Czech boy
Lukas Balusek was found.
We know it's a cruising ground.
Maybe Kenny went there
for more than a run?
Maybe they knew each other.
Get uniforms down there
with Kenny's picture.
See if any of the local users
recognise him.
Good work.
Told you you'd get to like her.
Nah, not yet.
'My name is Kenny Medford.'
'I will not answer
any of your questions.'
Kenny's credit check's come back.
There's no sign
of any money problems.
His behaviour in the interview
yesterday is almost rehearsed.
This broken record thing,
could it be a military technique?
Or activist? The Mark Winstone
murder at the Neo-Nazi rally
could've been politically motivated?
Mm.
I've looked everywhere.
I can't find it.
Run his name past the armed forces.
Nice one, Sherlock.
Kenny's in the Royal Artillery. He's
been AWOL for the last three weeks.
He was facing a charge for cruelty
to animals in Afghanistan.
Why didn't it come up on the PNC?
Because the army waits 28 days
before they issue an arrest warrant.
I want you to bring Kenny back in.
Have we got any new evidence
to justify that?
Him and Carrie have been lying to us.
That's not new evidence.
Dodson doesn't want him in custody.
For this case.
Look, I'll be doing the army a favour,
bringing him in to await collection.
Jenna Mawson's still in danger,
and we don't know he's not involved.
One less person on the street is one less
to worry about. And that sounds good to me.
And take Mitch,
cos I'm sick of the sight of him.
I can't find the book.
If I lose my job, I don't know
how Gina is gonna take it.
I don't know, we're good,
but if this kicks off,
I'm really scared about what could
happen. I couldn't live.
It won't come to that.
Just come clean and remind everyone
what a good cop you are.
I did. I told Rachel.
Hello. 'Sorry to bother you, love,
but there's ructions th.
What's happening? 'I was guarding
the front door <f
and you'd think I'd assassinated Ed
Sheeran. She's going mental.'
Janet?
Just a minute.
If she won't turn the music down,
turn the electricity off.
Hello? Police.
" Anyone there?"
Look, Mum, I've got to go.
Could you not wait just a minute?
Mitch?
I have an officer down.
'Get yourself to safety.' I'm coming
in, Kenny. No, leave.
'No, stay where you
are.'
'Are you all right, Janet?' Everything's
fine. We're in the living room.
Kenny has his daughter.
'Is the child safe?'
Put the phone down.
It's all right, Kenny.
Put it down.
It's OK.
Gimme the phone, gimme the phone!
Daddy, don't!
You're scaring me! It's all right,
Mitch.
It's all right, Mitch. Stop, stop
it.
It's gonna be OK. How do you feel?
You're all right.
Everything's gonna be OK.
You did this to us.
Whatever we've done, Kenny,
I'm sorry.
But please, put the knife down.
You're scaring Rosie. Let her go.
I can't leave her on her own.
She'll have you and her mum. Please,
please, please.
I'm scared.
I'm scared too.
But everything can be OK.
I know it -
it doesn't look like it.
We can speak to the army
about you being AWOL.
Things can get better
as soon as you put that knife down.
It wasn't meant to end like this.
It was going to be
quiet and peaceful.
Carrie wasn't in pain and this one
wouldn't have known.
And then me.
And then he turned up.
We can sort all that out, Kenny,
I promise you.
You believe me, don't you?
You made Carrie scared of me.
What do you want us to tell her?
I loved her so much.
If I'd have left her here
and just killed myself,
she wouldn't have coped.
So I killed her
as gently as I could.
I couldn't leave her behind
to blame herself.
And I can't let this one grow up
thinking I didn't love her.
But she will grow up, Kenny.
Look at her.
Let her grow up, Kenny.
My daughter, Taisie...
she gave me such
a filthy look this morning
and I thought, "You just wait
until you've got kids of your own"
and they do that to you."
They have no idea how much
we love them, do they, Kenny?
I think she'll have lots of kids.
How many kids
do you think Rosie'll have?
Mitch here, he's got two boys.
When Taisie was a baby
I made a promise
that I'd suffer anything
as long as she was safe and happy.
That's all we want for them,
isn't it, Kenny?
It's too late.
Nothing's ever too late, Kenny.
Look at me.
It's not too late.
When you first held her, Kenny,
what did you want for Rosie?
I wanted her to be happy.
This, what you're doing now,
you think you're stopping her
feeling pain. I understand that.
But you're not.
You're just stopping
that chance of happiness.
Give her to me, Kenny.
No.
Let her go.
(I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.)
Sorry, sorry.
I'm sorry.
(Go.)
Go!
I needed to come here, Gina,
to tell you how brave he was,
going into that house on his own.
He was very brave. He was trying
to save a child's life.
Then he was probably doing it
for show, like everything else.
Milk?
I tried my best, Gina.
I had an opportunity
with someone else last year.
But Ian convinced me to stay.
He kept saying it was for the kids,
but I reckon he couldn't face
the humiliation
in front of his mates. You lot.
He told me about losing the daybook.
I guess this lets you off the hook.
No ugly choices
between his and your career.
Oh, God.
I'm so sorry, Gina.
I tried. I...
I really tried.
It'll all come out,
particularly when whoever's got the
daybook hears about Mitch's death.
We could wait until after the
funeral. Protect his reputation.
It'd just feel like
we were protecting our own backs.
Why did he go into that house
on his own?
It's just - it's page one.
Because I was on the phone.
You knew he was going in
and didn't back him up? No!
I had no idea
he wasn't going to wait for me.
Sorry. I had a go at him.
Maybe he was doing it
to prove he wasn't useless.
It was just a mistake.
In terms of Kenny,
Syndicate 9 are no longer involved.
Syndicate 8 will be investigating
the circumstances
into Mitch and Carrie's deaths.
The army have confirmed
that on the dates of the murders,
Kenny was on duty in Afghanistan.
I had requested that information.
Kenny had suffered post-traumatic
stress disorder since 2009.
He'd only sought help
in the last six months.
He'd gone AWOL whilst
receiving in-service treatment.
He had nothing to do with
the Taking Out The Trash killings.
When the dust settles,
we'll talk about why you chose
that course of action.
You knew I didn't want Kenny
in custody.
You couldn't have known
what was going to happen.
He'd already killed his wife.
My actions saved the life of a child.
But cost the life
of a police officer.
Steve Dench is having an affair.
According to these,
Steve eats at the same place
every Saturday night,
Oliver's Restaurant
on Reddish High Street.
The woman at the gym who
gave him his alibi, Marion Coleman,
she lives on Baslow Crescent,
a stone's throw
from Reddish High Street.
So even if you are right and he is
a cheat, where does it get us?
If he is having an affair, that's
another location we should search
for the murder weapon, the hoodie
the witness saw, and evidence
that Steve accessed the Taking Out
The Trash website from a computer.
It doesn't get us past
his wife's alibi
for the morning
of Edgerton's murder.
Joanne's adamant that at the time
Edgerton was murdered,
Steve hadn't left the house.
Maybe she just lied?
For what reason?
There's a sandwich wrapper
from Steve's car.
It was made
the day Edgerton was murdered.
That's one place we know he stopped
that we haven't checked,
that we should be searching.
Sorry - can I ask
when we're knocking off tonight?
I'm struggling being here knowing
that the guy who killed M
and I'm doing nothing about it.
So maybe it would be better
if we finished a bit early,
if that's all right with you,
and we raise a glass to Mitch.
I should have said something.
I'm sorry.
Of course. This is something
we can explore more -
First round's on me.
Let's finish up, call it a night.
You not coming to the pub?
Er... I don't drink.
And I've got work
I really want to finish.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
It's the evidence-gathering
video from the Neo-Nazi riot.
The Mark Winstone murder.
You getting anywhere?
Yes...
No. I don't know.
This is the moment
Mark Winstone goes down.
You can see how many people
are pressed against him.
He falls here, but the knifing could
have happened seconds before.
We can't even tell which side
the blow comes from.
It could be any one of them.
I'm seeing if I can trace
all the people around him,
find better images of them
elsewhere.
The original investigating team
must've done all this.
Yeah... they struggled
to identify them.
But they weren't looking for
Steve Dench, and they weren't me.
Is Mitch your first death on the job?
It's hard.
Makes it harder
to get out there.
Makes the job that bit scarier.
So stay frightened,
and keep reminding yourself
of what happened.
Then you'll never do what Mitch did.
You'll never put yourself in danger
like him.
He was an idiot.
Maybe see you down there later.
It must be really tough for you.
Why's that, then, Pete?
Well, you're nobody's
favourite person right now,
and now's the time
you need your mates around you.
If you stopped being such a high-
and-mighty wanker with everyone,
you'd do right.
Stop being a wanker.
Stop pushing so hard.
Do you want another?
Yeah, I need to get out of here.
I don't want to go home just yet.
I know somewhere we can get a drink.
I can't believe she left this here.
I gave this to her.
Have you heard from her?
No.
Are you going to tell her
about Mitch?
I keep meaning to ring her,
but what do you say?
Without work, what have any
of us got to say to one another?
"Mitch..."
"died."
I'm four months pregnant.
I'm not telling anyone,
cos they'll put me in a maternity
dress and stick me on filing.
I don't know
what I'm doing with it yet.
Right.
Well, you'd better decide
pretty quick.
I just don't think I get
this need to have kids.
And I'm not sure I want another me
walking the planet.
I know what goes on in my head.
I know what's in my genes.
My mother wasn't some one-off genetic
experiment gone wrong -
there was centuries of breeding
that went into her.
Literally.
I've only just got rid of her.
I don't want to risk another one
tearing its way out of my stomach.
It's the wrong time.
Or maybe it's the perfect one. You're
home, your career's going,
This could be the start of you
making a new life for yoursel.
This could be the perfect time.
Dodson's made it clear
this promotion is for 14 days only,
and then they'd have to start paying
me properly. Which they won't? No.
I'm thinking of approaching the Met.
London's too easy for you.
If there's a step
to becoming your mum,
it's not the booze, or the money.
It's disappearing yourself
down there.
So you'd say having kids
and the job can work?
If you'd asked me last week,
I'd have said definitely,
but tonight, who knows?
How can I say yes when Mitch's kids
are going to bed without their dad?
I feel like the world's
spun off its axis,
and I need to put it right.
Oh! Hi, Sam.
I'll get my mum.
What you doing here, Janet?
Have you been drinking?
Please, Ruth.
Surely we can sort this out.
It's killing us.
I'd like you to leave. You knew what
they were getting up t.
You even let Taisie sleep over.
We can stop this now. Please?
Those images of Sam
are all over the internet.
We can't stop that.
They're out there forever.
That could affect his whole future.
Somebody's got to pay.
And you're going to make it
a 16-year-old girl?
Your job doesn't put you
and your daughter above the law.
In fact, I don't think you should be
anywhere near this house.
I could have you done
for harassment.
Hi, Anna?
Rachel, I looked at the pictures
posted online
of the star left
at the Mark Winstone murder scene.
Then I looked specifically
at the footage for that area.
And I caught him,
kneeling where that star was drawn.
I mean it must have been him.
'He's wearing a black hoodie.'
I saw the same man near Mark.
He's there
just before Mark is stabbed,
the same black hoodie, invisible
unless you know what to look for.
So I tracked him.
I followed him on CCTV around
the city on the day of the riot.
And then I got him.
That's brilliant. 'It's not a great
picture, but I think.
No. I think it's the witness
at Michael Edgerton's murder,
the one who gave us Steve's
description. No wonder he didn't.
Brilliant. Are you sure?
'Yeah, I think so.'
That's brilliant work, Anna.
Brilliant.
Right. See you in the morning.
'Yeah. 'Night.'
He's been here!
They spent months
preparing the early murders.
Right now they are lashing out,
getting sloppy and making mistakes,
and that is how we'll catch them.
You daft cow.
Are you about to tell me off?
Carry on and you and Taisie can have
a family room at Holloway.
Argh!
I hate this shitty place.
I think I have no choice
but to take you off the case.
You said
don't throw away your career,
and now you want to sign
its death warrant!
subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org